docs(flutter): Document SDK size overhead (#12560)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/flutter/overhead/index.mdx

## Profiling

As stated in our <Link to="/product/explore/profiling/performance-overhead">product docs on the topic</Link>, Profiling adds some overhead, but should have minimal impact on the performance of your application. In typical scenarios, the expected overhead is less than 5% of the app's resource utilization.

## SDK Size

> The Sentry SDK for Flutter adds approximately 1-1.5 MB to an apps binary size. The exact impact may vary depending on the device architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry SDK for Flutter adds approximately 1-1.5 MB to an app's binary size. The exact impact depends on multiple factors, including the device architecture.
```
